Update location-based-routing-plan.md (#9780)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/location-based-routing-plan.md

A Location-Based Routing enabled user without an audio conferencing license on a PSTN call isn't allowed to start a conference with another user or PSTN number. Connecting to auto attendants or call queues is allowed.

> If the user has an audio conferencing license, the user must start a conference with the relevant users and call the PSTN through the conference bridge to start a conference call. If the user is already on a 1:1 PSTN call, the ‘People’ modality in the Teams client will be hidden preventing the Teams LBR user from adding a participant/escalating the existing call to a conference.  In this scenario, the call must be ended. The Teams LBR user will then need to create a conference and  using the conferencing bridge to dial out to required PSTN numbers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user has an audio conferencing license, the user must start a conference with the relevant users and call the PSTN through the conference bridge to start a conference call. If the user is already on a 1:1 PSTN call, the *People* modality in the Teams client will be hidden, preventing the Teams LBR user from adding a participant or escalating the existing call to a conference.  In this scenario, the call must be ended. The Teams LBR user will then need to create a conference and use the conferencing bridge to dial out to the required PSTN numbers. 
```
